What about the common people?
Strange that these breasts are not big
Why so stupid
For disaster victims
Survival is their primary purpose
Don't say it's ginseng fukang forage
Even tree bark
They have to eat Guanyin Tu when they are hungry
Otherwise, where will the world come from and eat one child?
Good Lamb
I'm really impressed with you today
With your brilliant plan
Even if Guanzhong yellow disaster
But it can save hundreds of thousands of people from dying
Tomorrow morning
I will publish this method
I see how greedy those corrupt officials are
Lamb, you have given me a wonderful plan for my emperor's disaster
This is another great plan for my disaster food
Tell me what you want.
Throat haha
Your Majesty, why are you so kind?
Hahaha oh
Gao Aiqing is so polite
Then pretend I didn't say it 2 Your Majesty, your golden words
How can you go back on your word?
Okay, just say what you want
I have always been rewarded for my merits
Never mistreat the hero of my big money
Well your majesty
I want a token
Refuge in recent days
Refuge, all of this will be given by Lord Shangguan
Some normal human relations between Lord Du and his ministers
He was actually tricked by Lord Shangguan
My father hasn't opened the tea leaves yet
If you have three or five friends
The husband wants tea on a whim
If I don't have a token to protect myself
I am afraid that I will never have the opportunity to see His Majesty again
Furthermore, His Majesty also knows that the minister is a drug rehabilitation oath
Be cautious
You are really worthy of your own identity
Sure enough
This is my token
The token is like my presence
Go back and tell Mr. Gao
The child is old
It's the humeral minister of the dynasty again
It's not appropriate to hit again
Thank you, Your Majesty
Okay, step back
I'm also a little tired
minister retires
Your Majesty, Prince Rong has been cultivating for many days
I will send the imperial doctor to see how the cultivation is going later.
It's time for morning tomorrow
The corrupt officials in this world have more than half of the silver
Both entered his mansion
I have the plan of the lamb
Go to court tomorrow, if you don't look at his expression
It's a bit boring
He is the grandson of the Duke of Jin
Hidden so deep
So talented
Pretending to be no different from a stubborn child
I almost cheated myself
The Gao family is also considered a successor
His Majesty is very optimistic about this lamb
His talent can be our prime minister
Even if Cui Xinghe and Xu Xiang add up
Not half as talented as him
But this person
The advantages and disadvantages are too obvious
It's a virtue of insight.
Playing with human nature is very strong
He's a genius.
What about the downsides?
disadvantage
Lustful of money, it never falls
Did you know that it has just been a few hours?
25 eyes off your chest
But left my leg
173 eyes